README.md, before:

# Assignment: Don't Be Sentimental!


## Introduction
Have you ever read a tweet and thought, “Gee, what a positive outlook!” or “Wow, why so negative, friend?”  Can computers make the same determination?  They can surely try!

In Machine Learning, the task of assigning a **label** to a data item is called **classification** (putting things into different classes or categories).  The more specific name for what we’re going to do is sentiment analysis because you’re trying to determine the “sentiment” or attitude based on the words in a tweet.  The goal of the project is to build a sentiment classifier! Aren’t you excited??  ( ← That would be positive sentiment!)

You’ll be given a set of tweets called the **training data set** that are already pre-classified by humans as **positive** or **negative** based on their content.  You’ll analyze the frequency of occurrences of words in the tweets to develop a classification scheme.  Using your classification scheme, you’ll then classify another set of tweets called the **testing data set** and **predict** if each tweet has positive sentiment or negative sentiment.


## Building a Classifier
The goal in classification is to assign a class label to each element of a data set, positive or negative in our case.  Of course, we would want this done with the highest accuracy possible.  At a high level, the process to build a classifier (and many other machine learning models) has two major steps:

1. Training Phase
   - Input is a set of tweets with each tweet’s associated sentiment value.  This is the training data set.
   - Example: Assume you have 10 tweets and each is pre-classified with positive or negative sentiment.  How might you go about analyzing the words in these 10 tweets to find words more commonly associated with negative sentiment and words more commonly associated with positive sentiment?
   - The result of the training step will be one list of words that have an associated positive or negative sentiment with them depending on which type of tweet they appeared in more frequently.  Or, you might have 2 lists of words: one list is positive, one list is negative.

2. Testing Phase
   - In the testing phase, for a set of tweets called the testing data set, you predict the sentiment by using the list or lists of words extracted during the training phase.
   - Behind the scenes, you already know the sentiment of each of the tweets in the testing data set.  We’ll call this the actual sentiment or ground truth.  You then compare your predicted sentiment to the known sentiment for each of the testing tweets. Some of the predictions will be correct; some will be wrong.  The percentage correct is the accuracy, but more on this later.

## The Data
The data set we will be using in this project comes from real tweets posted around 11-12 years ago.  The original data was retrieved from Kaggle at https://www.kaggle.com/kazanova/sentiment140.  I’ve pre-processed it into the file format we are using for this project.  For more information, please see  Go, A., Bhayani, R. and Huang, L., 2009. Twitter sentiment classification using distant supervision. CS224N Project Report, Stanford, 1(2009), p.12.

**The preprocessed dataset can be accessed from is already included in the data folder in the project repo.**

## Input files
There will be 3 different input files:
* Training Data
* Testing Data Tweet (no sentiment column)
* Testing Ground Truth (id and sentiment for testing data for you to compare against).

The training data file is formatted as a comma-separated-values (CSV) file containing a list of tweets, each one on a separate line.  Each line of the data files include the following fields:
* Sentiment value (negative = 0, positive = 4, numbers in between are not used),
* the tweet id,
* the date the tweet was posted
* Query status (you can ignore this column)
* the twitter username that posted the tweet
* the text of the tweet itself

The testing data set is broken into two files:
* A CSV file containing formatted just like the training data EXCEPT no Sentiment column
* A CSV file containing tweet ID and sentiment for the testing dataset (so you can compare your predictions of sentiment to the actually sentiment ground truth)

Below are two example tweets from the training dataset:
```
4,1467811594,Mon Apr 06 22:20:03 PDT 2009,NO_QUERY,peruna_pony,"Beat TCU"
0,1467811595,Mon Apr 06 22:22:03 PDT 2009,NO_QUERY,the_frog,"Beat SMU"
```

Here is a tweet from the testing dataset:
```
1467811596,Mon Apr 06 22:20:03 PDT 2009,NO_QUERY,peruna_pony,"SMU > TCU"
```

The sentiment file for that testing tweet would be:
```
4, 1467811596
```

## Running your Program: Training and Testing

Your program should take 5 command line arguments:
1. training data set filename - the file with the training tweets
2. testing data set filename - tweets that your program will classify
3. testing data set sentiment filename - the file with the classifications for the testing tweet data
4. classifier results file name - see Output Files section below
5. classifier accuracy and errors file name - see Output Files section below

Example:
```
./classifier.out <train data> <test data> <test sentiment> <results> <accuracy/errors>
```

### Output Files
Your program should produce two output files. The first file should contain your classifier's
results for all tweets in the testing dataset in the same format as the sentiment file:
```
4, 1467811596
...
```

The second file should be organized as follows:
* The first line of the output file will contain the accuracy, a single floating point number with exactly 3 decimal places of precision.  See the section “How good is your classifier” below to understand Accuracy.
* The remaining lines of the file will contain for each tweet that your algorithm incorrectly classified your prediction,
the ground truth and the Tweet ID. This could be useful information as you tweak your algorithm to increase efficiency.

Example of the testing data tweet classifications file:
```
0.500
4, 1, 2323232323
1, 3, 1132553423
...
```

## Implementation Requirements

### Structure

Clearly separate training from testing in your code. Your main function could look like this pseudo code:

```cpp
int main()
{
   myModelClass model;
   
   model.train(args);

   model.predict(args);
   model.evaluatePredictions(args);

   return 0;
}
```

### DSString and DSVector Classes
You must implement your own custom string class (`DSString`) as part of this project.  You may not use the STL string class or any other available string class from the Internet.  Additionally, you may NOT use c-strings (null-terminated character arrays) directly.

Your DSString class can use the [DSvector class](https://github.com/mhahsler/CS2341/tree/main/Chapter3_Lists_etc/DSVector) we have introduced in this course.

A good way to do this is to publicly inherit `DSVector` templated for `char` and add the needed 
operators and member functions.

```cpp
class DSString: public DSVector<char>
{
// add code.
};
```

There is a `DSString.h` file in the template repo that you may use as a guidepost for your `DSString` class. The only exception here is when you’re reading from or writing to a file.  You may temporarily use a char[] array/buffer for this.

You need to use `DSVector` to store `DSString` objects and counters. You can use the STL algorithms like `std::sort` and [`std::find`](https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/algorithm/find)
or you can implement your own functions.
Make sure you have the necessary operators with the appropriate `const` versions overloaded in `DSString` so STL algorithms work.

While there are implementations of advanced text classifiers available, do not use them for this project, but rather implement your own simple strategy that counts words appearing in positive and in negative tweets and used 
these counts to create a list of words that more frequent in positive tweets and words that are more frequent in negative tweets. Write comments in your code that explains how you do this. 
Hint: You probably should implement a subclass of `DSString` that adds a counter to the string.

You may be inclined to skip the learning and find lists of positive words and/or negative words on the internet and simply count the occurrences of those words.  However, this is not allowed in this assignment.

## Coding Style
We will be looking for simple, elegant, well-designed solutions to this problem. Please do not try to “wow” us with your knowledge of random, esoteric programming practices.

* File input and output: It is so important to be able to read from and write to data files.     
  Think about some software program that doesn't use files...
* Proper use of command-line arguments.
* Minimal amount of code in the driver method (main, in the case of C++).
* Organize your code in functions and classes with clear purposes
  to make it easier to read and debug. Remember: A function should do **only** one thing!
* Just the right amount of comments in just the right places.
* Proper memory management, including following the rule of 3 (or 5).

_Note:_ You will probably find yourself rewriting parts of your code several times to make it 
more flexible. This is called **refactoring** and is a good thing! 


## How Good is Your Classifier?
Training and testing of a classification algorithm is an iterative process.  You’ll develop a training algorithm, test it, evaluate its performance, tweak the algo, retrain, retest, etc.  How do you know how good your classifier is after each development iteration, though?  We will use accuracy as the metric for evaluation.

$$\text{Accuracy} = \frac{(\text{total number of correctly classified tweets from test dataset})}{(\text{total number of tweets in the test data set})}  $$ 

Why should you be interested in this?  The TAs will take your final solutions and classify a set of tweets that your algorithm has never seen.  They will calculate the accuracies (as defined above) for each submission.  If your submission achieves 72.000% accuracy or higher, you will receive 10 bonus points on the project.

## Ways to Improve Accuracy

### Stemming
Happy, happier, and happiest all come from the same root word of happy. Finding a common word stem is called [stemming.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stemming).  You might explore the use of a stemming library to help get to the root word.
Words that appear frequently in both positive and negative tweets are useless for determining sentiment. You can look for a C++ stemming library.

### Stop words
You may look into using [stop words](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stop_word).

### Character Encoding
Some tweets might have interesting characters in them that aren’t part of the ASCII character set.  You might look into [character encoding](https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2003/10/08/the-absolute-minimum-every-software-developer-absolutely-positively-must-know-about-unicode-and-character-sets-no-excuses/) and the `wchar_t` data type (instead of `char`) if this becomes a problem.

### Converting Counts into Probabilities

[Naive Bayes classifiers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Naive_Bayes_classifier) are a family of simple "probabilistic classifiers" based on applying Bayes' theorem. You can try to implement this strategy (this is very advanced and probably not fun using the data structures we have learned so far).

## Time Line 

You have about four weeks to complete the assignment. Start right away! **The lab TA will expect that you already have most of that week's work completed. Come with prepared questions and
be prepared to answer the TA's questions about your code.**

* Week 1: DSString Class and a method to store counters for strings. You should be able
  to represent a set of words with counts. Test with `valgrind` to make sure you do not have 
  a memory leak. 
* Week 2: Training + adapting the string counter. Break text into words and count them. You    
  should have lists with positive and negative words.  
* Week 3: Classification and accuracy calculation.
* Week 4: Cleaning up code. Improving the documentation comments. Answering the questions below.

## Answers

Complete this section and commit your changes. Keep your answers short and precise.

1. How do you classify a new tweet? Give a short description of the main steps.

    > classification of a new tweet is quite simple. I take in the sentiment of the tweet(this will be the sentiment of all the tokens in the tweet) then I take the tweet text and seperate it by spaces new lines commas periods question marks quotes backslashes semi colons colons and hashtags. After this I then remove all remaining non alphabetical characters. The text is then run through the porter2 stemmer to return the words stem if it has one. I then compare this token to the list of tokens stored, and if the token equals a token already the sentiment is averaged(weighted) in and the occurances is increased by 1.

2. What is the time complexity of your training implementation (Big-Oh notation)? Explain why.

   > The time complexity of my model is (n^3) I only have a 3 times nested loop to train the model (1 loop to access each line of the file, 1 loop to check each char against the delimiters(this is a double for loop, but delimiters is a fixed value unrelated to n so it is negligable), and 1 loop to compare each outputted token to the list of tokens) Hence n^3

3. What is the time complexity of your classification implementation (Big-Oh notation)? Explain why.

   > when I evaluate a new file not only do I have to tokenize the file, I also have to compare those tokens to the list of tokens stored, making this the longest step (highest power) This step also only has 3 nested loops, but unlike the tokenization process the tokens vector has already been populated so every token has to be compared to n tokens. While populating the tokens vector this number is less as the vector is not fully populated yet.

4. How do you know that you use proper memory management? That is that you do not have
   a memory leak?

   > I ran valgrind on all the edge cases of my DSString class function -- the only class where I dynamically allocate memory. Because of this I know that my functions both properly declare memory and delete the memory. I also logically went through each function with edge cases (substring at beginning and end of string etc) to make sure logically the memory is all allocated and freed when it needs to be.

5. What was the most challenging part of the assignment?

   > The most challenging part of this assignment was calculating the Big O notation. I have a lot of loops that have different lengths, so it is hard to determine which loops affect the notation and which do not. Overally this assignment was really fun, but I wish we could have used maps (oh how that would have been a faster implementation)

## Grading Rubric

|                             | Points Possible | Points Awarded |
| :------------------         | --------------: | -------------: |
| DSString Class              | 20              |                |
| Training Algo (+ counters)  | 25              |                |
| Classification Algo         | 20              |                |
| Proper Memory Management    | 10              |                |
| Formatting, Comments, etc.  | 10              |                |
| Proper use of GitHub        |  5              |                |
| Answers to questions        | 10              |                |
| Accuracy/Improvements Bonus | +10             |                |

Commit message:

Added information on project to top of readme

README.md, after:

# Data Structures Assignment: Don't Be Sentimental!

## Information
This assignment was for data structures class. It required me to create my own custom string wrapper class around a cstring. This class would then be used for loading tweet data from pre-classified tweets to train a sentiment analysis algorithm.

## Training & Tokenization
For this project I had to come up with an alogithm of tokenization my algorithm was quite simple, yet effective. I simply checked each character loaded in and checked if it were a (' ','\n',',','.','?','\"', ';', ':','#') This list was tested with multiple different combinations of characters to provide the highest accuracy in testing. Whenever one of the delimiters is found, a new token is generated with the characters preceding the delimiter and the delimiter is removed. Next I use a porter2 stemmer library to stem the token. The token is assigned the sentiment value from the tweet. The token is then pushed into a vector. When pushing into the vector, if the token already exists, then the sentiment value becomes the new weighted average, and occurances is increased by 1. With this data we are able to calculate the average sentiment of a token across all occurances. We were required to use a vector implentation for this project, but I may revisit this project to optimize it using a map implementation.

## Testing
The testing phase works very similarly to the training phase, except the file does not have pre-classified sentiments. First I tokenize the tweet data, then I look up the tokens generated in the table and get the average sentiment of all the tokens found, tokens not found are ignored. If the average sentiment is above 2 then the tweet is a positive sentiment. If the average sentiment is below 2 then the tweet has a negative sentiment.

## Accuracy
Finaly we can test for accuracy by checking the generated list of sentiments for tweets to the key. The final model scored a 72.29% accuracy.

# Project Instructions
## Introduction
Have you ever read a tweet and thought, “Gee, what a positive outlook!” or “Wow, why so negative, friend?”  Can computers make the same determination?  They can surely try!

In Machine Learning, the task of assigning a **label** to a data item is called **classification** (putting things into different classes or categories).  The more specific name for what we’re going to do is sentiment analysis because you’re trying to determine the “sentiment” or attitude based on the words in a tweet.  The goal of the project is to build a sentiment classifier! Aren’t you excited??  ( ← That would be positive sentiment!)

You’ll be given a set of tweets called the **training data set** that are already pre-classified by humans as **positive** or **negative** based on their content.  You’ll analyze the frequency of occurrences of words in the tweets to develop a classification scheme.  Using your classification scheme, you’ll then classify another set of tweets called the **testing data set** and **predict** if each tweet has positive sentiment or negative sentiment.


## Building a Classifier
The goal in classification is to assign a class label to each element of a data set, positive or negative in our case.  Of course, we would want this done with the highest accuracy possible.  At a high level, the process to build a classifier (and many other machine learning models) has two major steps:

1. Training Phase
   - Input is a set of tweets with each tweet’s associated sentiment value.  This is the training data set.
   - Example: Assume you have 10 tweets and each is pre-classified with positive or negative sentiment.  How might you go about analyzing the words in these 10 tweets to find words more commonly associated with negative sentiment and words more commonly associated with positive sentiment?
   - The result of the training step will be one list of words that have an associated positive or negative sentiment with them depending on which type of tweet they appeared in more frequently.  Or, you might have 2 lists of words: one list is positive, one list is negative.

2. Testing Phase
   - In the testing phase, for a set of tweets called the testing data set, you predict the sentiment by using the list or lists of words extracted during the training phase.
   - Behind the scenes, you already know the sentiment of each of the tweets in the testing data set.  We’ll call this the actual sentiment or ground truth.  You then compare your predicted sentiment to the known sentiment for each of the testing tweets. Some of the predictions will be correct; some will be wrong.  The percentage correct is the accuracy, but more on this later.

## The Data
The data set we will be using in this project comes from real tweets posted around 11-12 years ago.  The original data was retrieved from Kaggle at https://www.kaggle.com/kazanova/sentiment140.  I’ve pre-processed it into the file format we are using for this project.  For more information, please see  Go, A., Bhayani, R. and Huang, L., 2009. Twitter sentiment classification using distant supervision. CS224N Project Report, Stanford, 1(2009), p.12.

**The preprocessed dataset can be accessed from is already included in the data folder in the project repo.**

## Input files
There will be 3 different input files:
* Training Data
* Testing Data Tweet (no sentiment column)
* Testing Ground Truth (id and sentiment for testing data for you to compare against).

The training data file is formatted as a comma-separated-values (CSV) file containing a list of tweets, each one on a separate line.  Each line of the data files include the following fields:
* Sentiment value (negative = 0, positive = 4, numbers in between are not used),
* the tweet id,
* the date the tweet was posted
* Query status (you can ignore this column)
* the twitter username that posted the tweet
* the text of the tweet itself

The testing data set is broken into two files:
* A CSV file containing formatted just like the training data EXCEPT no Sentiment column
* A CSV file containing tweet ID and sentiment for the testing dataset (so you can compare your predictions of sentiment to the actually sentiment ground truth)

Below are two example tweets from the training dataset:
```
4,1467811594,Mon Apr 06 22:20:03 PDT 2009,NO_QUERY,peruna_pony,"Beat TCU"
0,1467811595,Mon Apr 06 22:22:03 PDT 2009,NO_QUERY,the_frog,"Beat SMU"
```

Here is a tweet from the testing dataset:
```
1467811596,Mon Apr 06 22:20:03 PDT 2009,NO_QUERY,peruna_pony,"SMU > TCU"
```

The sentiment file for that testing tweet would be:
```
4, 1467811596
```

## Running your Program: Training and Testing

Your program should take 5 command line arguments:
1. training data set filename - the file with the training tweets
2. testing data set filename - tweets that your program will classify
3. testing data set sentiment filename - the file with the classifications for the testing tweet data
4. classifier results file name - see Output Files section below
5. classifier accuracy and errors file name - see Output Files section below

Example:
```
./classifier.out <train data> <test data> <test sentiment> <results> <accuracy/errors>
```

### Output Files
Your program should produce two output files. The first file should contain your classifier's
results for all tweets in the testing dataset in the same format as the sentiment file:
```
4, 1467811596
...
```

The second file should be organized as follows:
* The first line of the output file will contain the accuracy, a single floating point number with exactly 3 decimal places of precision.  See the section “How good is your classifier” below to understand Accuracy.
* The remaining lines of the file will contain for each tweet that your algorithm incorrectly classified your prediction,
the ground truth and the Tweet ID. This could be useful information as you tweak your algorithm to increase efficiency.

Example of the testing data tweet classifications file:
```
0.500
4, 1, 2323232323
1, 3, 1132553423
...
```

## Implementation Requirements

### Structure

Clearly separate training from testing in your code. Your main function could look like this pseudo code:

```cpp
int main()
{
   myModelClass model;
   
   model.train(args);

   model.predict(args);
   model.evaluatePredictions(args);

   return 0;
}
```

### DSString and DSVector Classes
You must implement your own custom string class (`DSString`) as part of this project.  You may not use the STL string class or any other available string class from the Internet.  Additionally, you may NOT use c-strings (null-terminated character arrays) directly.

Your DSString class can use the [DSvector class](https://github.com/mhahsler/CS2341/tree/main/Chapter3_Lists_etc/DSVector) we have introduced in this course.

A good way to do this is to publicly inherit `DSVector` templated for `char` and add the needed 
operators and member functions.

```cpp
class DSString: public DSVector<char>
{
// add code.
};
```

There is a `DSString.h` file in the template repo that you may use as a guidepost for your `DSString` class. The only exception here is when you’re reading from or writing to a file.  You may temporarily use a char[] array/buffer for this.

You need to use `DSVector` to store `DSString` objects and counters. You can use the STL algorithms like `std::sort` and [`std::find`](https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/algorithm/find)
or you can implement your own functions.
Make sure you have the necessary operators with the appropriate `const` versions overloaded in `DSString` so STL algorithms work.

While there are implementations of advanced text classifiers available, do not use them for this project, but rather implement your own simple strategy that counts words appearing in positive and in negative tweets and used 
these counts to create a list of words that more frequent in positive tweets and words that are more frequent in negative tweets. Write comments in your code that explains how you do this. 
Hint: You probably should implement a subclass of `DSString` that adds a counter to the string.

You may be inclined to skip the learning and find lists of positive words and/or negative words on the internet and simply count the occurrences of those words.  However, this is not allowed in this assignment.

## Coding Style
We will be looking for simple, elegant, well-designed solutions to this problem. Please do not try to “wow” us with your knowledge of random, esoteric programming practices.

* File input and output: It is so important to be able to read from and write to data files.     
  Think about some software program that doesn't use files...
* Proper use of command-line arguments.
* Minimal amount of code in the driver method (main, in the case of C++).
* Organize your code in functions and classes with clear purposes
  to make it easier to read and debug. Remember: A function should do **only** one thing!
* Just the right amount of comments in just the right places.
* Proper memory management, including following the rule of 3 (or 5).

_Note:_ You will probably find yourself rewriting parts of your code several times to make it 
more flexible. This is called **refactoring** and is a good thing! 


## How Good is Your Classifier?
Training and testing of a classification algorithm is an iterative process.  You’ll develop a training algorithm, test it, evaluate its performance, tweak the algo, retrain, retest, etc.  How do you know how good your classifier is after each development iteration, though?  We will use accuracy as the metric for evaluation.

$$\text{Accuracy} = \frac{(\text{total number of correctly classified tweets from test dataset})}{(\text{total number of tweets in the test data set})}  $$ 

Why should you be interested in this?  The TAs will take your final solutions and classify a set of tweets that your algorithm has never seen.  They will calculate the accuracies (as defined above) for each submission.  If your submission achieves 72.000% accuracy or higher, you will receive 10 bonus points on the project.

## Ways to Improve Accuracy

### Stemming
Happy, happier, and happiest all come from the same root word of happy. Finding a common word stem is called [stemming.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stemming).  You might explore the use of a stemming library to help get to the root word.
Words that appear frequently in both positive and negative tweets are useless for determining sentiment. You can look for a C++ stemming library.

### Stop words
You may look into using [stop words](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stop_word).

### Character Encoding
Some tweets might have interesting characters in them that aren’t part of the ASCII character set.  You might look into [character encoding](https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2003/10/08/the-absolute-minimum-every-software-developer-absolutely-positively-must-know-about-unicode-and-character-sets-no-excuses/) and the `wchar_t` data type (instead of `char`) if this becomes a problem.

### Converting Counts into Probabilities

[Naive Bayes classifiers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Naive_Bayes_classifier) are a family of simple "probabilistic classifiers" based on applying Bayes' theorem. You can try to implement this strategy (this is very advanced and probably not fun using the data structures we have learned so far).

## Time Line 

You have about four weeks to complete the assignment. Start right away! **The lab TA will expect that you already have most of that week's work completed. Come with prepared questions and
be prepared to answer the TA's questions about your code.**

* Week 1: DSString Class and a method to store counters for strings. You should be able
  to represent a set of words with counts. Test with `valgrind` to make sure you do not have 
  a memory leak. 
* Week 2: Training + adapting the string counter. Break text into words and count them. You    
  should have lists with positive and negative words.  
* Week 3: Classification and accuracy calculation.
* Week 4: Cleaning up code. Improving the documentation comments. Answering the questions below.

## Answers

Complete this section and commit your changes. Keep your answers short and precise.

1. How do you classify a new tweet? Give a short description of the main steps.

    > classification of a new tweet is quite simple. I take in the sentiment of the tweet(this will be the sentiment of all the tokens in the tweet) then I take the tweet text and seperate it by spaces new lines commas periods question marks quotes backslashes semi colons colons and hashtags. After this I then remove all remaining non alphabetical characters. The text is then run through the porter2 stemmer to return the words stem if it has one. I then compare this token to the list of tokens stored, and if the token equals a token already the sentiment is averaged(weighted) in and the occurances is increased by 1.

2. What is the time complexity of your training implementation (Big-Oh notation)? Explain why.

   > The time complexity of my model is (n^3) I only have a 3 times nested loop to train the model (1 loop to access each line of the file, 1 loop to check each char against the delimiters(this is a double for loop, but delimiters is a fixed value unrelated to n so it is negligable), and 1 loop to compare each outputted token to the list of tokens) Hence n^3

3. What is the time complexity of your classification implementation (Big-Oh notation)? Explain why.

   > when I evaluate a new file not only do I have to tokenize the file, I also have to compare those tokens to the list of tokens stored, making this the longest step (highest power) This step also only has 3 nested loops, but unlike the tokenization process the tokens vector has already been populated so every token has to be compared to n tokens. While populating the tokens vector this number is less as the vector is not fully populated yet.

4. How do you know that you use proper memory management? That is that you do not have
   a memory leak?

   > I ran valgrind on all the edge cases of my DSString class function -- the only class where I dynamically allocate memory. Because of this I know that my functions both properly declare memory and delete the memory. I also logically went through each function with edge cases (substring at beginning and end of string etc) to make sure logically the memory is all allocated and freed when it needs to be.

5. What was the most challenging part of the assignment?

   > The most challenging part of this assignment was calculating the Big O notation. I have a lot of loops that have different lengths, so it is hard to determine which loops affect the notation and which do not. Overally this assignment was really fun, but I wish we could have used maps (oh how that would have been a faster implementation)

## Grading Rubric

|                             | Points Possible | Points Awarded |
| :------------------         | --------------: | -------------: |
| DSString Class              | 20              |                |
| Training Algo (+ counters)  | 25              |                |
| Classification Algo         | 20              |                |
| Proper Memory Management    | 10              |                |
| Formatting, Comments, etc.  | 10              |                |
| Proper use of GitHub        |  5              |                |
| Answers to questions        | 10              |                |
| Accuracy/Improvements Bonus | +10             |                |
